[opening theme song playing]
KOTARO LIVES ALONE
-[birds chirping]
-[luggage clanking]
I AM KOTARO/BATTLE MODE
[soft piano music playing]
SHIMIZU APARTMENTS
Six minus one equals five.
APARTMENTS AVAILABLE
HOME IMPROVEMENT CENTER VIVIHOME
-Pardon.
-[grocer] Yes?
I request assistance.
[grocer] How may I help you?
Where are the tissues?
[grocer] Tissues? [chuckles]
Wait here. Let me get them.
Here.
Will these work?
Not quite what I was looking for.
[indistinct chatter]
TISSUE PAPER
Aha!
[grocer] I'm sorry.
I didn't realize you wanted tissue boxes.
Thank you, miss. I am much obliged.
Are you helping your mom shop?
That's so sweet.
They say that a good beginning
is essential to life.
Pardon. I must away.
Hmm?
TOY SUPER SWORD JR.
250 YEN TAX INCLUDED
The enemy can attack from any direction.
Be ready.
[bird calling]
There. Exactly five.
Now, then…
[marker squeaking]
[boy] Yes. Commendable work.
-[slapping]
-[woman] I can't believe you!
I was worried sick about you
and you were sleeping this whole time?
My bad.
Do you have any idea
how long I waited for you?
[man] It must've slipped my mind.
-Huh?
-No. That's not what I meant to say.
It was work.
Uh, yeah. Uh, I've been working a lot.
I told you I was drawing a manga. Right?
Well, the deadline's coming up,
so I had to pull an all-nighter
to finish it.
But let me make it up to you.
Okay, Hiroko?
[growls]
[grunts]
My name is Hiromi, you jerk!
[sobbing]
[jazzy guitar music playing]
Ow.
Yeah. I probably
had that one coming, didn't I?
-[doorbell rings]
-Hmm?
Please forgive the intrusion, good sir.
My name is Kotaro Sato
and I just moved in next door.
I'm pleased to meet you.
Uh…
[Kotaro] Uh, please accept this
as a token of my goodwill.
Oh, uh, thanks. That's cool of you.
You're in Room 203?
-Corner unit, right?
-Aye.
-[man] You alone?
[man] Where are you parents? At work?
Hang on.
Does this apartment
even allow tenants with young kids?
Uh, I have no young kids living with me.
Uh, yeah. Um, what I meant was--
I shall be the only tenant
of the room next door.
It has been a pleasure
meeting you, good sir.
[jazzy guitar music playing]
Uh…
[door opens]
[footsteps receding]
[door closes]
[man] Wait. What did he say?
Is he renting that room by himself?
[stomach growls]
[man] Oh, man. I'm starving.
I really should go buy some food.
[inhales deeply] I don't feel like it.
It's cold outside…
'cause it's winter.
Speaking of which,
I haven't bathed in a while.
Wonder how many days it's been?
[sniffs]
[man] No. I'm fine…
'cause it's winter.
[bird calling]
[Kotaro] Oh…
[man] I'm almost out of prize money
from the manga award I won last year.
Should probably do something
before it's all gone.
[yawning]
But I'm okay, for now…
'cause it's winter.
[toilet flushes]
[doorbell rings]
-[Kotaro] Sorry to bother.
-Hey. What's up?
Uh, I find my room has no bathtub.
-Yeah. These units don't have tubs.
-[Kotaro] None?
I mean, some have showers,
but didn't the landlord
explain all this to you already?
-I see. You are saying to build one.
-[man] That's not what I said.
Most of us
just use the bathhouse up the street.
-Battle house?
-[man] Yeah. Bathhouse.
[Kotaro] Understood.
It seems once again
I must fight to stay alive.
Fine. Where is my foe?
[man] Not "battle house," bathhouse.
Here. It's not that far away.
[Kotaro] My deepest of gratitudes.
Verily, I must away.
[sighs]
[footsteps receding]
[man] That kid
is gonna be a pain in my ass.
[TV beeps]
It's night already? When did that happen?
[reporter] …Mami went missing,
she was seen with a suspicious man.
[man] Man, there's a lot
of child abductions in the news lately.
Where were the adults?
I mean, wasn't anyone paying attention?
Wait a minute. Am I one of those adults?
BATH
Hey. You decided to join me in battle.
[man sighs] What am I doing?
[uplifting music playing]
[Kotaro] Uh, good sir?
Hmm?
My eyes… my eyes sting!
[man] What's the point
of a shampoo hat, then?
[knob squeaks]
There you go. That better?
[Kotaro] Yes. Many thanks.
All right, then. Just sit still. Okay?
[Kotaro] What?
What are you doing up there?
I'm washing your hair.
You were having trouble, weren't you?
[Kotaro] I can wash my hair by myself.
[man] Oh yeah? So it was just your eyes
you needed my help with?
-[Kotaro] Indeed.
-[man] Oh. Okay, then.
It's just it's been a long time
since someone else washed my hair for me.
Uh…
[footsteps approaching]
[sighs] That was a decent bath, indeed.
I believe tomorrow I shall attempt
to sample their bottled milk.
You know, you don't have to go
to the bathhouse every single day.
You don't wanna go broke.
Worry not, good sir,
for my purse is quite bountiful.
[bell dings]
[man] Hey. You're not renting
that apartment by yourself, are you?
[Kotaro] Indeed.
Our gracious landlord,
Master Shimizu, said,
"If you can pay the rent, I don't mind."
Yeah. Of course those two wouldn't mind.
Those money-hungry, old geezers.
So, like, where are your parents?
I don't have them anymore.
[man] Wait. What?
Was that bad of me to ask?
I probably shouldn't pry any further.
Yeah. Uh, I don't have mine either.
I lost them in an accident
when I was a kid.
I see.
You must be lonely.
[footsteps approaching]
Are you lonely?
Who? Me?
Do you have, uh…
[soft piano music playing]
Know what? Never mind.
Uh, c-come on. Pick up the pace!
I was all warm
and now I'm getting cold again.
Aye, good sir.
You need not concern yourself with me.
Feel free to go on ahead.
[man] Um, yeah.
So what's with the way you talk?
[Kotaro] 'Tis the language
of the feudal lords.
-[man] Language of the feudal lords?
-[Kotaro] Indeed.
'Tis what speaks to my soul, currently.
[man] Speaks to your soul?
Okay.
[woman] I should've told you
about the baby sooner.
But this child is definitely yours!
[chuckles]
Classic.
[doorbell rings]
-When? Tonight?
-Aye.
Yeah. Sure. I'll be home.
I mean, I am planning on lounging
around the house most of the day, so…
All day?
Isn't it a weekday?
-[man] You got a problem with that?
-No.
Farewell.
Hey. Wait. Where are you going?
That, good sir, is my prerogative.
[calm guitar music playing]
Why are you following me?
I am going for a walk, if you don't mind.
[doorbell ringing]
[woman] Hey there, Kotaro!
Thank you for the tissues yesterday.
[Kotaro] Well hello, mistress of Room 201.
And good day to you.
Hello again.
You can just call me Mizuki. Okay?
[man] This hottie lives in my building?
[whimsical noises]
[Mizuki] Are you his father?
Huh? No. Definitely not.
My name's Karino. I'm in, uh, 202.
[gasps] No way. You live next door?
Have we met before?
[Karino] Uh, no.
You look so similar.
I totally thought you were father and son!
[Karino] She was just teasing. Right?
I mean, I'm not even married.
Father and son? Please…
We don't even look alike.
[woman] Oh, how cute!
You look just like your father.
Hey there. Are you helping your dad shop?
[gasps]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Karino] Hey, Kotaro?
What is it?
[Karino] How, like, old are you?
[Kotaro] I am four years old.
[Karino] Wait. Four years ago,
the girl I was dating was…
Oopsie! Forgot I was ovulating today!
[chittering]
[Karino] Oh good. Well, I'm 31.
[Kotaro] Then you have
many years left ahead of you.
So, K-Kotaro, um,
why did you move in
next door to me anyway?
And, uh, you do know
who your parents are. Right?
My dear sir, what are you going on about?
[Karino] Uh, well, uh…
[Kotaro] Moreover, how long do you plan
on following me around?
Your presence
is causing these fine citizens
to mistake us for father and son.
I picked up on that.
A ridiculous mistake, indeed.
You bear him no resemblance.
[indistinct chatter]
[Karino] Oh, that was close!
He said so himself.
He doesn't even have parents anymore.
Whatever that means.
Guess I overreacted.
You're still here, I see.
[Karino] Man, I'm glad I was wrong…
[Kotaro] You must be lonely.
[Karino] Am I, though?
I imagine you are a servant of some sort?
What?
Or you are simply treating me
as if I were a child?
That would be quite vexxing.
[Karino] Uh, you're the one
that asked to hang out with me tonight.
[Kotaro] Not true.
I simply wanted to borrow your television.
My television will be arriving tomorrow.
Tonight we'll watch Tonosaman together.
[Karino] Ugh. Kids.
I realize many fair citizens,
today, presumed I was your son,
creating a correlation
between you and my father.
Though it's the furthest from the truth.
My deepest apologies.
[soft piano music playing]
What for?
You have no desire to be my parent.
I wouldn't say that--
-[Kotaro] After all, I am a feudal lord.
-Huh?
I feel it would only threaten your pride
to have a child of higher rank than you.
Come along, servant.
[Karino] I, uh…
[bird calling]
[lock clicking]
Oh hey, Karino! Sorry about before.
I thought that Kotaro was messing around
when he said he lived all by himself.
[Karino] Well, for a second, I thought
that I actually might've been his dad.
[Mizuki] Oh.
Well, I guess
it's a good thing you were wrong.
[Karino sighs]
Is it a good thing?
I just keep wondering about all of it
from, you know, his point of view.
Oh.
[Karino] I can't… [sighs]
…honestly say
that I feel good about any of this.
[indistinct chatter]
[man] Here you go, Miki.
Your tips this month have been excellent.
Keep it up. Your star's on the rise.
Appreciate it. I will!
[footsteps approaching]
[cell phone chimes]
ARE YOU OFF WORK?
COME TO THE HOUSE NOW
LEND ME MONEY.
[Mizuki sighs]
Seriously, I can't believe
I'm doing this again.
OKAY, I'LL GO.
HOW MUCH DO YOU NEED THIS MONTH?
[birds chirping]
-[Karino] Oh.
-[Kotaro] Hmm.
Good morrow, neighbor.
My thanks
for the use of your TV last night.
Yeah.
[Karino] What are…
You know, it's rude to look
in someone else's door, even if it's open.
Is she dead?
Lady Mizuki, you'll catch your death
sleeping on the floor like this.
-Please, wake up!
-[Karino] Uh…
Yeah. She's not asleep.
You see all those empty beer cans?
[Mizuki groans]
-Hey there, Kotaro!
-[lively music playing]
[chuckles]
You're so cute.
Please, good sir, stay here
and attend to Lady Mizuki for a moment.
-[Karino] Huh?
-I must away to the convenience store.
[Karino] Wait.
Hold up. You know,
you really shouldn't go out on your own.
Look, I'm fine!
No need to be worried. Go ahead!
[Karino straining, panting]
Hey. Wait up!
Could you slow down?
How is he so fast?
Why do you have to go
to the store all of a sudden?
-We need ice.
-What?
Ice must be applied quickly.
[Karino panting]
Huh?
Hey. Are you, like, crying?
-[Kotaro] I am not crying.
-Okay.
-[Kotaro] I detest crying!
-[Karino] No, no. Please. No. Hey!
[Karino straining]
[grocery bag rustling]
[Mizuki] Welcome back!
Did you buy this for little, old me?
Wait a sec. It's frozen!
Aye. It would be best
if you wrapped that in a towel.
[Mizuki] Huh? Why?
For cooling your eyes.
After much crying,
one ought to cool them, quickly.
-[Mizuki gasps]
-[Karino] Crying?
I didn't notice that.
I just thought
she was kind of a cute drunk.
[Mizuki] Oh, oh, oh no, Kotaro.
I wasn't crying.
Maybe I get
a little emotional when I drink.
[chuckles nervously]
I don't really remember.
-[Kotaro] It would not bother me.
-Hmm.
My opinion of you
would not change if you were crying.
[Mizuki gasps]
Crying is not weak.
[sighs]
I see.
You're a good person, Kotaro.
[soft piano music playing]
[Kotaro] Take care, Lady Mizuki.
[door squeaks, closes]
[Mizuki sighs]
Was it that obvious
I'd been crying all night?
[Kotaro] I detest crying!
[Karino] Hey.
How could you tell she'd been crying?
And how did you know that applying
ice packs to her eyes would help?
I have been witness to numerous adults
crying in the course of my lifetime.
Huh?
A popular man has many burdens.
[door opens, closes]
[Kotaro grunting]
Ready!
[whimsical piano playing]
[Kotaro] Meddlesome birds…
Why is it my job to clean up after you?
-[birds flying away]
-Hmm?
[bird coos]
[bird flying away]
[crashing]
[Karino] What was that?
[man] So, Karino…
[Karino] Yes?
[man] Something's been troubling me
ever since
you won our manga award last year.
I find your drawings unfortunate.
Huh? Unfortunate? What?
Storywise I do think you're keeping up
with the trends of manga today,
but the drawings seem a little remedial
for the story you're trying to tell.
You have to admit
these are pretty old-school.
[man laughs dryly]
And these?
I don't really like these drawings.
Just kidding. [laughs dryly]
[sighs]
[exhales slowly]
[rustling]
I can handle this.
[man] Well,
keep working hard, Karino. Okay?
Yeah. Thank you, sir. I will.
[Karino] So my drawings
are too old-school?
[sighs heavily]
That sucks.
-Well, coffee time--
-[bones crack]
[wincing]
My lower back…
[Karino] Oh, this sucks!
This really sucks! [straining]
-Need heating pad!
-[doorbell rings]
[Karino] Uh, I can't deal
with this right now.
[Kotaro] Good sir, it is I.
Huh?
Yeah. It's open.
Why good day to you, sir.
May I ask why you are on the floor?
What is it?
Oh. I thought you should see this.
[Karino] Band-Aids?
[Kotaro] I tripped
while cleaning the walkway outside.
[Karino] So that's what that sound was.
I see you fell again today.
Looks like an awful lot of Band-Aids
for a little scrape.
-[Kotaro] Perhaps.
-[bird coos]
However, I needed to properly clean
and cover the wounds fully.
[Karino] Uh, oh.
-How is it?
-[Karino] Huh?
I knew it would sting,
but disinfected it thoroughly,
in spite of the pain.
That sounds about right.
[Kotaro] I was prepared to suffer
and still followed through.
Yeah. I get it.
-Well, so?
-[Karino] So what?
Wait. Hang on a second.
Do you want me to say "good job"?
I'd be embarrassed
if you said it out loud.
You should really be
more sensitive to others.
And you came over here
just to tell me about this?
[Kotaro] Of course I did.
Up until today, I was very fearful
of disinfecting my own scrapes.
It was all I could do
just to get the bandages on straight.
[Karino] Fine. You were fearful.
So, why didn't you ask someone else
to do it for you?
[Kotaro] Ask who?
I don't know. Your parents maybe?
I mean… Uh…
Oh, uh…
-[bones cracking]
-Oh, crap! Ow, ow, ow!
Since you, uh, did such a good job,
maybe you could help me out?
Aye.
[package rustling]
-[Kotaro] All right. I've applied it.
-[Karino] Thanks.
[calm orchestral music playing]
Would you mind
grabbing that marker for me too?
Aye.
All right. It's done.
Tonosaman.
Think of it
as a "thank you" for helping me out.
-[Kotaro] It's…
-Hmm?
[twinkling]
…a job well done.
[Karino] He smiled!
Wait. Why am I surprised
that the kid smiled?
Kids smile all the time
at all kinds of dumb, kid stuff,
but I've never seen him smile before.
And weirdly, I think I'm feeling
a bit more inspired to draw manga.
However, this other picture
looks like an old man.
[Karino] Uh, old man?
That's a picture of your face.
[Kotaro] My face is far cuter than this.
[Karino] That's what you look like to me.
[doorbell ringing]
-Huh?
[man] Hmm. No answer.
Maybe he's not home.
[doorbell ringing]
Do you know that guy?
He seems really eager
for you to answer your door.
You two are not acquainted?
[Karino] Hmm?
[grunts]
[man growls]
Hmm?
Hey there, widdle Kotaro!
I stopped by to play with you!
[Karino] Widdle?
I wanted to thank you for the tissues.
It was so nice.
[Karino] Tissues?
He lives in this apartment too?
[Kotaro grunts] Unhand me!
-Stop at once!
-[man] Oh… [laughing]
[Kotaro] Release me, you knave!
[Karino] What are you… Stop doing that!
[Kotaro] I am bewildered
by your sudden affections.
Do not approach me again!
[man] All right.
We're off to play in my room!
-Unhand me, you fiend! Unhand me!
-[man laughing]
TAMARU
[man] I've got
the perfect gift for you, Kotaro.
A stuffed Tonosaman doll!
[funky music playing]
What the heck
do you think you're doing here?
Yeah. I… I don't… I don't know.
I shall accept this offering.
However, you must keep your distance,
tenant of Room 102.
My name's Isamu Tamaru.
You intend to hug me
and pat me on the head.
Isn't that correct, you fiend?
Oh, there's nothing wrong
with showing a little affection. Right?
[Kotaro] Do not try it.
[Karino] I don't think this kid does well
with affection or physical contact.
[Isamu] Hey, look.
I'm just glad you liked the gift.
I almost threw it away, you know?
[Kotaro] Why did you buy it?
Well, I actually bought it
for my little boy. You see?
But I guess he kind of hates me right now.
His mother said
he didn't want to see me again.
So I wasn't able to give it to him.
[Kotaro] Are you using me
as a replacement for your son?
[grunts]
[emotional music playing]
[Kotaro] Then, I cannot accept.
I will not take someone else's gifts.
That is not what I want.
You're offering a lie, not a gift.
[chuckles nervously]
You got me there.
I'm sorry.
[Kotaro] May I ask you…
What is it?
[Kotaro] The drawings that you made
for me on my bandages earlier,
were they lies as well?
[Karino] Uh,
you think my drawings are a lie?
Then, why did you smile when you saw them?
Was that a lie?
You know, I put a lot of thought
and effort into drawing those for you.
[Kotaro] They are not a lie!
I warn you
not to get too carried away.
-[chuckles nervously]
-[door closes]
[Kotaro singing] ♪ Slash, slash, slash ♪
♪ I'm super strong and kind ♪
♪ You can call me Tonosaman ♪
♪ I'm the strongest there is ♪
♪ Tonosaman ♪
[ending theme song playing]